{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green255\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Commander,\par
\par
Resources on this planet can no longer support our operations. Our last chance for survival is launching a starship before the last resources are depleted. We have established our new base at the northern end of Haise Valley. Plymouth has taken control of a mineral rich area 120 kilometers outside of the valley and off your local map display. Plymouth also recently established a small, secondary mining outpost in the southern part of Haise valley.\par
\par
Both our colony and Plymouth\rquote s colony suffer from the lack of resources. However, Plymouth\rquote s colony still has better resource access than our new base. Your orders are to construct an evacuation starship for 200 colonists and if possible prevent open warfare with Plymouth. So far, we have avoided harsh combat. However, do whatever you must for our survival.\par
\par
GEOLOGICAL SUMMARY:  \par
What few usable minerals remain in the region are located near Mount Swigert in Haise Valley. Unfortunately, Mount Swigert is an active volcano and a catastrophic eruption is expected in the near future. Expect light to moderate earthquakes throughout the valley associated with the volcanic activity. The full Geological survey report has been uploaded to your Savant for review.\par
\par
INTELLIGENCE SUMMARY:  \par
Relations with Plymouth remain icy. Based on Plymouth\rquote s aggression toward our initial scouting units, we assess with strong confidence that activity in the vicinity of Plymouth\rquote s mining outpost will certainly be attacked. Do not expect significant military action against our colony unless first provoked. A character profile of Rachel Borges, the outpost\rquote s commander and satellite imagery of the outpost\rquote s facilities have been uploaded to your Savant for review.\par
\par
Good Luck Commander,\par
Failure is not an option\par
\par
}
 